[Capture] Add support for control flow using `autograph` (#6837)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * The program capture execution pipeline supports control flow if program capture is enabled. 

Author: ```suggestion
* The program capture execution pipeline supports control flow pipelines (`if/else`, `for`, `while`)  if program capture is enabled. 
```

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * Add support for native Python control flow (`if/else`, `for`, `while`) when program capture is enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Python control flow (`if/else`, `for`, `while`) is now supported when program capture is enabled by setting `autograph=True` at the QNode level. 
```

  [(#6837)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6837)

  ```python
  qml.capture.enable()

  dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=[0, 1, 2])

  @qml.qnode(dev, autograph=True)
  def circuit(num_loops: int):
      for i in range(num_loops):
          if i % 2 == 0:
              qml.H(i)
          else:
              qml.RX(1,i)
      return qml.state()
  ```
  ```pycon
  >>> print(qml.draw(circuit)(num_loops=3))
  0: ──H────────┤  State
  1: ──RX(1.00)─┤  State
  2: ──H────────┤  State
  >>> circuit(3)
  Array([0.43879125+0.j        , 0.43879125+0.j        ,
         0.        -0.23971277j, 0.        -0.23971277j,
         0.43879125+0.j        , 0.43879125+0.j        ,
         0.        -0.23971277j, 0.        -0.23971277j], dtype=complex64)

>   ```

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we need documentation examples for this quite yet. We'll probably be realizing everything all at once at some point

Author: @isaacdevlugt, thoughts?

Reviewer: I don't mind this at all! Thanks @andrijapau!
